It depends only on quiz. Quiz is one of those things. See, what you need to do is you need
to have a dashboard kind of a thing where quiz is one part of it. See, I had applied
gamification in many of my classes. What I had done is one of the classes, we would have
a crossword puzzle, right? So, take a set of 20 words, okay? And from 20 words and their
definitions and you give their definition cross across. Have you filled a crossword puzzle?
Right, right, yeah. So, something similar could be there. So, that also gives you a point.
It could be quiz. There were sometimes videos that you have to watch, article that you have
to read and then answer immediately. So, there are generic quiz, there are specific quiz, right?
So, we will build that entire thing eventually. I am not asking you to build everything now.
So, we can start with the quiz part, but start with the dashboard, right? In the dashboard,
have a point where you can see your points, at least for now, and where you can give quizzes.
And as we go on, that dashboard will keep on expanding. The second part is, see that the
adaptability we have to do, point and all, we don't need to change actually a lot. Because if
you change that, no, it's difficult for, one thing you have to understand for any system,
for participants, if it becomes too complicated to understand what is happening, the motivation
goes down, right? Because they will be like, okay, I got 20 points now, but 35 with this question,
this question I knew, why did I get only 15 in all of those? Right? So, what we rather do is,
we have to, two things we do in terms of variability. One is the difficulty of questioning. So,
we show them a difficulty level. We say we are giving you easy difficulty right now. The more
they answer the correct ones, gradually the difficulty will be increased. If they answer
incorrect, the variability will go down, back. That is how it will happen. The second part is,
if we can build in a time feature. So, initially, let's say I'll give 10 seconds per question,
but as they are doing better, I can go to eight seconds, five seconds, three seconds even, right?
Or maybe five minimum we keep, but yeah, something like that. So, we can fine tune both, right? So,
time versus, and we can let them choose also. Do we want to just work on time or difficulty or both?
Something like this. Or both will keep last. Both will be a little complicated for coding,
point of view, but at least we can give them a control. Do you want to have time-based
variability or do you want to have difficulty level-based variability? Right? So, if they choose
time-based, they need to set a difficulty and only on that difficulty, they will be time-based
variability. If they choose this difficulty level, then time will be fixed, let's say 10 seconds,
and only then there it will happen. So, this creates a feeling of, it's not just one quiz you
are giving, it's like a whole game you can play and there are even levels. The better I do, I can
work at more and more and more, but points will get fixed. For example, every question, there is
20 points. Okay? Now, if you are playing on speed, then you are getting 10 seconds to write correct
answer. If you correctly answer 20 points, if you incorrectly answer, we need to also give some
negative, so that there is interest and there is some stake that is there. Okay?
Some of those kind of a thing, right? And we can do some generic quiz, we can do some other type
of quizzes. For example, in quiz also we can have 3-4 modes. One could be a rapid round, one could
be a normal progression, right? Something like that. So, these things you can build and as I said,
as we go on, it will not be just a quiz, it will be like a crossword puzzle. Okay? And also there
are couple of modes, we match the following, we can do type, filling the plans, choose the
right word kind of a thing, right? There are some games like where you have metrics of letters
and you have to find words, right? So, for example, 10 definitions are written, there are words,
different from crossword. The idea is same, but find words based on description.
So, let me show you if I can find out an image or something like that. Something like this,
let me share my screen. It's something like this. So, if you see this dictionary is there,
word search puzzle. Something like this. So, they have to find the word here. So,
all of this creates this, it will create, first of all, it's not only one thing that they are
doing, so they will not get bored, right? So, they have multiple stuff and all of them will
have different states. Some will be easier, will give them less points, some will be harder,
will give them more points and that feeling of high and low, that variability will be created.
Okay. So, maybe in the next iteration, you can start with the dashboard. On the dashboard,
have some points. You can even think of having two, three types of points if you want, right?
One could be, let's say, your overall activity till now, right? I mean, let's say we can show
them one point that if no negative marking was there, how much point would you have accumulated?
Then there is an actual point which is plus and negative and both, right? And once you give to a
dashboard, I will tell you more once it starts developing. I mean, I've read and seen a lot of
portals, so ideas automatically come when you start seeing it. But start with a simple dashboard
with some points and two, three options of, let's say, I give one quiz and quiz also have two or
three types, right? One is a rapid round and one is a normal quiz and I get two difficult, what do
I want to vary, difficulty level or time, right? So, like this, you can at least start within the
first iteration. Right. Within this, what, so one of the things that I was looking at was
how many variables, so we need to test what is working and what may or may not work and
that's why I just kept one variable in this. Even the points is not the exact variable because
points more or less would stay the same. The variability one is between two, so it will
give you a score of total of 40. Once it will give you 10, once it will give you 30, so it is just
very hard coded thing. But the thing I was trying to target here was does the student
keep on going to further rounds to improve themselves? So, similarly, what is the direction
or what is the variable we will be testing in the other categories? That is something I would have
to determine, right? So, see, this is not that variable kind of project. So, I think we have read
some articles where we have seen some surveys and all and that is where you are coming from.
See, in this case, we are not doing the search like that way. So, the ones that you are mentioning
there, it's a design of, so we can do that as well. What we'll have to do in that case is
we have to find out, like you said, am I testing their performance, am I testing their engagement,
something like that. But in this case, what I am planning is something different. Rather than
testing all of this, what we are doing is we are trying to propose a gamified version of the entire
thing. What that means is we will have to design the entire thing, test it out and show that
the generative AI can be used for adaptive learning. Now, do we want to have a pre-posed
sort of all of that we can think of, but those will be survey ways. So, that is separate from
the design. So, that doesn't affect our design decision, frankly, because it will be survey
ways. So, what this means is your survey will ask that, for example, how interesting it was
or we do a pre-post means we ask them, we give them a physical quiz before and we give them a
physical quiz or test after and we compare these scores. And all of that we can do, but that is
separate from your design of the portal. Right, understood. So, I would like to base
the whole quiz slash whatever games I would be building on some course content directly.
This was directly AI generated questions, very base level. So, how would I do that and if you
have some material that I should just take? You can start with any book, right? Find any
PDF on any topic doesn't matter. You can take a simple book also because that is what we wanted
to based on that material should be uploaded behind and some book or something people upload
based on that it can be designed. Yes, yes. So, just take any book. You can take even an
1110 standard book which you can find a PDF online maybe. Okay, that works, yes.
All right, what other question did I have? Just give me a second.
So,
see you can call me in between also. Let's say you are doing somewhere, you can just drop me a
message in the evening, I can call you back. You have my number, right? Yeah, I have. So,
anytime you feel something you want to discuss, you want to talk about something, whatever,
you can always drop me a message and we can connect online also. So, don't take it like
while we are doing weekly calls. Yes, that is for a more detailed discussion. So, you can note down
stuff and all the point that you want to have. So, normally that is the expectation that we'll
talk about for half an hour, 30 minutes, 40 minutes, right? But in between also you feel
that there is some small stuff. You can always WhatsApp if it's something that you think can be
done on WhatsApp and if it's really 5 minutes, 10 minutes call, we can always connect in the
evenings normally. I mean just drop me a message, I will tell you the time around which I'll call
you and I will call you around that time. Yes. That way we can always call you. Yeah, I had to
build something to have a direction and why not this and that but now onwards I would definitely
ask what else is there. No, no, that's fine. As we go on this will get more clear, right?
Initially it will be that we might even change in between some stuff and all of that will happen,
right? So, that's not a big problem and I mean this type of, I mean we operate in that way only,
right? Normally that is how work gets done. So, I mean feel free to call or something like that if
you have. Sure, sir. Sir, one of the things that I was wondering, so
yes, there would be a back, like the document that would be used by AI to build the test
but should, so as we have moved to a dashboard, dashboard would be individual for a student
and I guess it would be a combined one for the teacher as well. Now within this,
should there be, like in the last time we discussed that there should be a thing to,
so that teacher can sign off on the question that goes into the.
Eventually we will have to build all of that. Okay. Eventually we will add that layer as well
but for now we can skip that because that is more of a management and government's point of view,
right? Now the core region we need to build. Yes, yes. So, for this iteration you can skip
but you can note it down somewhere. This is something that is required eventually. That's
what I was noting down because it is something that is there. So, yeah. So, actually the portal
would be, the entire thing would have multiple login, so student login, faculty login and then
there will be courses, structure and they will have to, I mean, approve, not approve all of that
but we can skip that complexity for now. We can just say that, okay, but yeah, eventually we have
to build somewhere where teacher logs in and looks at all the questions. Maybe we can skip
the course part altogether because we are not building a portal, it's just for experimentation.
So, we don't need to build a core structure but yeah, one, some place where we can
you know, approve what is approved. For this particular thing, we can do this even manually
or without a proper terminal. So, that we can decide, that's why I am saying that. Exactly,
we can decide later how do we want to do it. Right, right. Okay, what else was there?
Yeah, other than that, I don't think, also I would make that decision. I am still not sure if
I should go with a proper SQL type of database because that would make things easier
to query as well as like keep in the back end. Fine, that's fine. SQL is fine.
JSON is fine. Both are fine. Have SQL. See, if you go with Firebase for all the, it contains,
it keeps data in a JSON, right? Yes. And if you contain something else other than SQL,
so you can, I mean, I am okay with either one. Just choose one and tell the, whenever you are
prompting this, tell them also what kind of database you are using. For example, let's say
we are using Firebase, so automatically it will create a JSON. JSON, yes. Right, okay. Now,
that will be all because now I have to think about it a little. In the other direction now,
I was thinking it throughout the whole thing as a research direction that only one variable we have
to target. Now, it would be more of different things, different things gamified that would be
shown to the student and they can interact with any one or each of them and then we decide on the
scores. Okay, that is something I have to work on and I will plan it accordingly. Yeah.
Okay, we can meet next week same time, I think. Okay, okay. And we can maybe make this a reoccurring
thing, right? Unless I have something, I will let you know, unless I am travelling or, oh no,
next Monday I am travelling. Okay, next Monday I am not here. But Tuesday we can do,
Tuesday we can do same time. Okay, okay. I will just reschedule this call again.
Ah, for Tuesday. Yeah, sure, sure. Thanks, thanks a lot, sir. Okay, bye-bye.
Bye.
Bye.
